To log users in.
We got a number and point.
We have to send the request to this and point here which you can find in the official box.
So let's copy that.
Let's go to be of service.
Now I did already add a log in method but right now we're not doing too much here.
We're just setting this user is authenticated here.
I'll get rid of it for analysis will as soon changed as anyways.
So in here I of course still want to send the age if you request and that still is a POST request.
As you can see in the official box and I want to send that request to the U or L I just copied where
I also need to inject my api key again hence I'll use back tricks here so that I can replace this API
key in a very easy way.
So you're all now add why inject that part.
I'll reach out to the environment object and gets that far based API key.
Now the data we have to pass here is exactly the same data we passed for signing up its email password
and return secure token.
So let's prepare this object now as a second argument where I forwards that email and for that of course
I expect to get an email here and I get a password here in the log in method.
So let's make sure we get these two arguments.
And then here I forward the email and I forward the password like this of course I want to return this
so that we can interact with that observable and wait for it to complete.
And that takes us back to the off page then here.
I do call log in and of course dad is now not the place where I want to call it anymore.
I want to call it here but only if we are logging in now if theoretically we could add a check or we
will actually add if check with is log in and check what our current modus.
And then we send different requests.
Now I don't really want to copy and repeat that entire part here.
We can reuse a lot of that.
Instead I only want to basically swap the observable to which we subscribe because the things we then
do with the result are the same in a success case we lock the user in and then we continue in an Arab
case we show an error message and therefore I will add a new variable here off ops for all of observable
which will be of type observable which you need to import from our X J.S. and the typed declaration
here is optional but it improves our code quality observable is a generic type that holds information
about which data it will eventually yield.
And here in our case that would be that of response data we get back here.
So we actually can export this interface to find an off service so that we can import it in this file
and use that of response data here which you then need to add to your imports from the off service file.
So now this is the observable and this will now even hold the observable created for a signing up or
for logging in.
So if we have this is log in then off ops will be equal to this of service logging where I forward email
and password.
Now important to avoid errors here with typescript in a log in case I also now need to use d generic
post method here.
So did I define which type of data I get back here which will be off response data.
So did in the off page it knows that it is ok to store the result of log in here and off OBS which expects
and observable that yields of response data.
So if you add that type annotation you need to add it everywhere in this chain.
Now in the Ellis case years over not logging in then we're signing up then off ops will be equal to
this off service sign up.
But without the subscribe call and now the advantage of this approach is that a here after is a check.
I can simply use the off ops it is will now be even to one for logging in or for signing me up.
But what I do with the response is done exactly the same of course.
Now I need to add some new ad checks for error messages.
We could do this with a switch statement too.
I basically only want to check for Q extra error messages email not found an invalid password.
So you're all at elusive code equals email not found.
Well then my message could be email address could not be found.
And else if the code is equal to invalid password then I will set the message to this password is not
correct and of course you could be less less specific to give the user less hints about why authentication
failed.
If you want to do that for security reasons.
So now we are having logic in here that should all allow us to sign users in.
Let's simply give this a try.
Let's save everything and let's go back to the ionic app and now I'll try to log in with a user that
actually exists with valid credentials and this looks good.
First try to sign up this fails.
Now let's say test a different email address that also exists.
Let's test one that does not exist.
Email address could not be found.
Now let's test a valid e-mail address but invalid Password password is not correct.
So this all works.
The only thing that is not working as expected is that I'm not getting forwarded.
If I do log in indeed though I make it here into debt success case because I'm clearly logging my response.
That only happens though because end of service of course.
Now remove the code where I set this user is authenticated to true and therefore this never is true
and therefore our guard never allows us access.
So this is actually working as intended and indeed the next task will be to all the managed ad authentication
state correctly.
Now.